India cricketer Hardik Pandya invited wrath of fans after putting up a distasteful birthday wish to former fast bowling great Zaheer Khan. The 2011 World Cup winning pacer turned 41 on Monday and Hardik wished the former pacer by uploading video of him hitting a six off Zaheer during a domestic competition. Hardik’s post read: “Happy birthday Zak ... Hope you smash it out of the park like I did there.”
The Gurugram contestant had won Rs 80,000 in the last episode with two of his lifelines still intact. Shailesh didn't know the answer to the 9th question, which was related to sports. He chose Flip The Question but after having a look at the question decided to use his last lifeline.


Actor Ayushmann Khurrana may be the most beloved actor of the country right now but he sure had a humble beginning in the industry. The actor started out as a radio jockey and even participated in hit reality show, MTV Roadies. Almost 15 years after he won the show’s second season in 2004, a throwback video of his audition tape has resurfaced on social media.
The video shows a bespectacled Ayushmann sitting meekly in front of the fearsome judges, including the most brutal of them all, Raghu Ram. Ayushmann is seen talking about his merits and why he deserves to be on the show. “Dost banana meri khoobi hi nahi mera pesha bhi hai (making friends is not just something I am good at but it is also what my job is),” he says in the video.

At one point, Raghu bullies him for pretending to be something else and faking his positive and happy personality. “Aapka put on charm, aapka smile, aapka baat karne ka tareeka, it’s not you,” Raghu says. Ayushmann says he is, after all, an actor but Raghu doesn’t buy it. “I am not interested in your acting. This is a reality show,” he says.
Ayushmann says that this is his real self but Raghu replies ‘kisko bewakoof bana rahe hain (who are you fooling)’. When Ayushmann insists on his authenticity, Raghu says, “Aap asliyat mein aise hain? Bhagwan bachaaye (You are actually like this? God help us)”

The Congress has decided to boycott the Block Development Council elections in Jammu and Kashmir in protest against the continued detention of senior political leaders in the Kashmir valley. The two key political parties of Jammu and Kashmir - the National Conference and Mehbooba Mufti's People's Democratic Party, whose leaders have been under detention for more than 70 days - have boycotted the polls.
The elections, due on October 24, is aimed at normalising the situation in Jammu and Kashmir and starting the democratic process, the Centre has said.

"The Congress believes in strengthening of democratic institutions and never shied away from any polls," state Congress president G A Mir was quoted as saying by news agency Press Trust of India. "But today, we are compelled to take a decision to boycott BDC polls due to indifferent attitude of the state administration and continued detention of senior party leaders in the valley," Mr Mir added.

Around 400 political leaders of Jammu and Kashmir were placed under detention or house arrest as part of the statewide lockdown to prevent any backlash over the government's August 5 announcement of the move to end the state's special status and its bifurcation into two Union Territories.

The restrictions are being relaxed in a phased manner, depending on the ground situation, the government said.

After the announcement of the Block Development elections on September 29, all the detained political leaders in Jammu were released. The Kashmiri leaders would be released in a phased manner, Farooq Khan, advisor to Governor Satya Pal Malik, said.

There has been no word on when the process of releasing the Kashmiri leaders - including former Chief Ministers 83-year-old Farooq Abdullah, his son Omar Abdullah and Peoples' Democratic Party chief Mehbooba Mufti -- would begin.